c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
c:\users\fredy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Expression_Dark.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Ponds.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycle.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\WaterParameterLog.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\FeedingLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Expression_Dark.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductPurchase.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SalesOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\tambak\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Expression_Dark.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductPurchase.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SalesOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\trunk\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductPurchase.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SalesOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Expression_Dark.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\UserAdministration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\ChangePassword.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ContactForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\LinkContactToUser.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UnauthorizedAccess.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Windows7.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ContactForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\feedEstimation.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPOCOntrolChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPurchaseOrder.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewSupplierChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\POControl.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectProductChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectVendorChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewFeedingLogChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewSamplingLogWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UnauthorizedAccess.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\ChangePassword.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\LinkContactToUser.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\UserAdministration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistrationChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewCategoryChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewUOMChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\ManageCompanyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewCompanyChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\FacilitiesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewFacilitiesChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectFacilityChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewTaxChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\TaxPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectTaxChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\DeliveryLogPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectProducts.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\ConsumeMaterialPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\HarvestPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Desktop\Tambak2\Tambak\branches\NewFix\new\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ContactForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\DeliveryLogPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\feedEstimation.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewCategoryChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPOCOntrolChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPurchaseOrder.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewSupplierChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewUOMChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\POControl.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistrationChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectProductChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectVendorChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\FacilitiesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\ManageCompanyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewCompanyChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewFacilitiesChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewTaxChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\TaxPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewFeedingLogChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewSamplingLogWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectFacilityChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectProducts.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectTaxChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\ConsumeMaterialPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\HarvestPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UnauthorizedAccess.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\ChangePassword.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\LinkContactToUser.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\UserAdministration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Windows7.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksModule\ManageTasks.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksModule\NewTaskChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.chart.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.chart.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Charts\SamplingCharts.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\tambak2\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\ProductionCostsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tambak.xap
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.chart.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Themes.Windows7.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.ReportViewer.Silverlight.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.chart.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Charts\SamplingCharts.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ContactForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\DeliveryLogPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\feedEstimation.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\InventoryLevel.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewCategoryChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPOCOntrolChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewPurchaseOrder.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewSupplierChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\NewUOMChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\POControl.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductManagement.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\ProductRegistrationChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectProductChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Inventory\SelectVendorChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\LoginRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Login\RegistrationForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\FacilitiesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\ManageCompanyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewCompanyChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewFacilitiesChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\NewTaxChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Masters\TaxPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\NewPondForm.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondsProductionCycleView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\PondLogs.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewContactChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewFeedingLogChildWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewSamplingLogWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewWaterParameterChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectFacilityChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectProducts.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\SelectTaxChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\ConsumeMaterialPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\GlobalProductionPageSummary.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\HarvestPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Production\ProductionCostsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksModule\ManageTasks.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksModule\NewTaskChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksView.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\test.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UnauthorizedAccess.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\ChangePassword.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\LinkContactToUser.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\UserAdministration\UserAdministration.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.g.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.RegistrationDataResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Web.Resources.ValidationErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ApplicationStrings.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.ErrorResources.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.Assets.Resources.SecurityQuestions.resources
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.dll
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\tambak.pdb
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\Popups\NewFeedingTrayChildWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fredy\Documents\GitHub\Tambak4\tambak\obj\Debug\Views\TasksModule\TodayFeedingReportPage.g.cs
